README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.org">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  gatsby-starter-typescript-plus
</h1>

> A starter kit for TypeScript-based Gatsby projects with sensible defaults.

This is a starter kit for [Gatsby.js](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) websites written in TypeScript. It includes the bare essentials for you to get started (styling, Markdown parsing, minimal toolset).

## Corey Bruyere v4 to-do:

- Design sections of site
  - Hero / Page Title
  - Home posts section
  - Home works section
  - Home media section
  - Contact section that leads to form
  - Nav
- Contact page
- About page (generic page)
- Archive page for posts / works
- tags page
- uses page (generic page)

## 🗒️ Features

- TypeScript
- ESLint (with custom ESLint rules)
- Markdown rendering with Remark
- Basic component structure
- Styling with [emotion](https://emotion.sh/)

## 🚀 Quick start

> A nodejs >= 6.0.0 setup with [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) is recommended.

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Install `gatsby-cli` package globally on your machine.

    ```bash
    # using NPM
    npm install -g gatsby-cli

    # using YARN
    yarn global add gatsby-cli
    ```

    Use the `gatsby-cli` to create a new site and install its dependencies.

    ```bash
    gatsby new project-name https://github.com/resir014/gatsby-starter-typescript-plus
    ```

2.  **Start developing.**

    Move to project's directory.

    ```bash
    cd project-name/
    ```

    Start your site.

    ```bash
    # using npm
    npm start

    # using yarn
    yarn start
    ```

    Open source code using your favorite IDE/Text editor and navigate to `src/` directory, this is where your application live.

3.  **Build your application for production.**

    Once you're finished, you can make production build of your app using:

    ```bash
    # using npm
    npm run build

    # using yarn
    yarn build
    ```

4.  **Deploy your app to Github pages!**

    After building your application in step 3, you're ready to publish your app and go online!

    ```bash
    # using npm
    npm run deploy

    # using yarn
    yarn deploy
    ```

## ❤️ Credits

Built with [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) - the blazing-fast static site generator for [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/).

## 💫 Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/resir014/gatsby-starter-typescript-plus)

Commit message:

Add header bg and fix theme ui imports

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.org">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  gatsby-starter-typescript-plus
</h1>

> A starter kit for TypeScript-based Gatsby projects with sensible defaults.

This is a starter kit for [Gatsby.js](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) websites written in TypeScript. It includes the bare essentials for you to get started (styling, Markdown parsing, minimal toolset).

## Corey Bruyere v4 to-do:

- Design sections of site
  - Hero / Page Title
  - Home posts section
  - Home works section
  - Home media section
  - Contact section that leads to form
  - Nav
- Contact page
- About page (generic page)
- Archive page for posts / works
- tags page
- uses page (generic page)

## Development Notes

- Any template or component that uses the `sx` prop needs a `jsx` fragment, like so:

```
/** @jsx jsx */
import { jsx } from 'theme-ui'
```

## 🗒️ Features

- TypeScript
- ESLint (with custom ESLint rules)
- Markdown rendering with Remark
- Basic component structure
- Styling with [emotion](https://emotion.sh/)

## 🚀 Quick start

> A nodejs >= 6.0.0 setup with [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) is recommended.

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Install `gatsby-cli` package globally on your machine.

    ```bash
    # using NPM
    npm install -g gatsby-cli

    # using YARN
    yarn global add gatsby-cli
    ```

    Use the `gatsby-cli` to create a new site and install its dependencies.

    ```bash
    gatsby new project-name https://github.com/resir014/gatsby-starter-typescript-plus
    ```

2.  **Start developing.**

    Move to project's directory.

    ```bash
    cd project-name/
    ```

    Start your site.

    ```bash
    # using npm
    npm start

    # using yarn
    yarn start
    ```

    Open source code using your favorite IDE/Text editor and navigate to `src/` directory, this is where your application live.

3.  **Build your application for production.**

    Once you're finished, you can make production build of your app using:

    ```bash
    # using npm
    npm run build

    # using yarn
    yarn build
    ```

4.  **Deploy your app to Github pages!**

    After building your application in step 3, you're ready to publish your app and go online!

    ```bash
    # using npm
    npm run deploy

    # using yarn
    yarn deploy
    ```

## ❤️ Credits

Built with [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) - the blazing-fast static site generator for [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/).

## 💫 Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/resir014/gatsby-starter-typescript-plus)
